Hello, and welcome
to auto-scaling.
After watching this video,
you will be able to
define auto-scaling.
Explain the three
types of auto scalers,
and demonstrate how
each auto scaler works.
Replica sets provide a
good start for scaling,
but you don't always want
ten instances of your
resource running.
You should be able
to scale as needed.
Kubernetes auto-scaling helps
optimize resource usage and
costs by automatically scaling
a cluster in line with demand.
Kubernetes enables auto-scaling
at two different layers,
the cluster or node
level and the pod level.
Three types of auto scalars
are available in Kubernetes,
horizontal pod auto
scalar or HPA,
vertical pod auto scalar or VPA,
and cluster auto scalar or CA.
To create auto-scaling,
list the current number
and state of pods.
You have one pod
in this scenario.
A replica set is
automatically created when
you create a deployment.
In order to auto-scale,
you simply use the
autoscale command
with the requisite attributes.
Min is the number
of minimum pods.
Notice that we have changed
the value of min to two.
Max is the number
of maximum pods,
and CPU percent acts
as a trigger that tells
the system to create
a new pod when the CPU usage
reaches 50% across the cluster.
In the background,
the deployment still
uses the replica set
to scale up and down.
Notice the numbers
of replicas in
this auto-scaled replica
set has changed to
two since the minimum
number specified
in the previous autoscale
command was changed to two.
Now, in Kubernetes,
there are three
autoscaling types.
The horizontal pod auto scalar
or HPA adjusts the number of
replicas of an application by
increasing or decreasing
the number of pods.
The vertical pod auto scalar or
VPA adjusts the resource
requests and limits of
a container by
increasing or decreasing
the resource size or
speed of the pods.
The cluster auto scaler or
CA adjusts the number of
nodes in the cluster when
pods fail to schedule or demand
increases or decreases in
relation to the nodes capacity.
In Kubernetes, an HPA
automatically updates
a workload resource
like a deployment
by horizontally scaling the
workload to match the demand.
Horizontal scaling or scaling
out automatically increases
or decreases the number of
running pods as
application usage changes.
An HPA uses a cluster operator
that sets targets
for metrics like
CPU or memory
utilization and the
maximum and minimum desired
number of replicas.
For example, the system load
is low early in the morning,
so one pod is sufficient.
The HPA auto-scales
the workload resource
to meet usage demands.
By 11:00 A.M. Peak load
drives a need for three pods.
The HPA auto-scales
the workload resource
to meet usage demand.
Usage drops in the afternoon,
so the third pod is marked
for deletion and removed,
and usage drops
even lower by 5:00
P.M. Another pod is marked
for deletion and removed.
Another way to enable
auto-scaling is to
manually create the HPA
object for a YAML file.
Similar to the
autoscale command,
you can set the minimum and
maximum number of pods.
The CPU percent
flag shows up as,
target CPU utilization
percentage,
and even though you can create
an HPA autoscaler from scratch,
you should use the
autoscale command instead.
A best practice is to
scale horizontally,
but there are some services
you may want to
run in a cluster,
where horizontal scaling is
impossible or not ideal.
Vertical scaling or scaling up
refers to adding more resources
to an existing machine.
A VPA lets you scale
a service vertically
within a cluster.
The cluster operator
sets targets for
metrics like CPU or
memory utilization,
similar to an HPA.
The cluster then reconciles
the size of the services pod
or pods based on
their current usage and
the desired target.
For example, the system load
is low early in the morning,
so system resources used by
the pod are low. By 11:00 A.M.
Peak load drives a need
for more capacity.
The VPA auto-scales the pod
by adding more system resources,
CPU, and memory to
meet the demand.
Usage drops in the afternoon.
The pod is auto-scaled to
use fewer system resources,
and usage drops even
lower by 5:00 P.M.
The pod is auto-scaled further
to match the 7:00 A.M. Levels.
You should not use
VPAs with HPAs
on resource metrics
like CPU or memory.
However, you can use them
together on custom
or external metrics.
A CA auto-scales
the cluster itself,
increasing or decreasing
the number of
available nodes that
pods can run on.
Pods are auto-scaled
using HPA or VPA.
But when the nodes themselves
are overloaded with pods,
you can use a CA to
auto-scale the nodes
so that the pods can rebalance
themselves across the cluster.
For example, the system load
is low early in the morning,
so existing nodes
can handle the load.
When demand increases,
new pod requests come in,
and the CA auto-scales
the cluster by adding
a new node and pod to meet
the demand. By 11:00 A.M.
Peak load brings the new
node to full capacity.
When usage drops
in the afternoon,
unused pods are marked
for deletion and removed.
When usage drops even
lower by 5:00 P.M.
All pods in the new node are
marked for deletion and removed.
Then the node itself
is marked and removed.
A cluster auto scaler ensures
there is always enough computer
power to run your tasks,
and that you aren't paying
extra for unused nodes.
For example, nights
and weekends may have
pure development or continuous
integration testing loads,
and clusters may
have periods where
all batch processing
jobs are complete,
and the new batch doesn't
start until later in the day.
Each autoscaler type is
suitable in specific scenarios.
You should analyze the pros and
cons of each to find
the best choice.
Using a combination
of all three types
ensures that services run
stabely at peak load times,
and costs are minimized
in times of lower demand.
In this video,
you'll learn that.
Auto-scaling enables
scaling as needed at
the cluster or node
level and the pod level.
You can auto-scale a
deployment or a replica set.
Autoscaler types include
horizontal pod or HPA,
vertical pod, or VPA,
and cluster or CA,
and a combination of all
three autoscaler types
often provides the most
optimized solution. A